[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2016 superhero film Deadpool
so let's get started the film opens with
Wade Wilson a mercenary meeting an
escort named Vanessa they fall in love
and Wilson proposes after Wilson
discovers he has terminal cancer however
he leaves Vanessa without warning so she
won't have to watch him die
a mysterious recruiter approaches Wilson
offering him an experimental cure for
his cancer he meets Ajax and angel dust
who inject him with an experimental
serum that will awaken latent mutant
genes after he's put under extreme
stress and torture after Wilson makes
fun of Ajax real name Francis Wilson is
put into a chamber that puts him on the
verge of asphyxiation for several days
the torture does activate a superhuman
healing ability however Wilson's body is
horribly disfigured with burn-like scars
Wilson escapes and begins attacking Ajax
but stops when a jack says that there is
a cure for his scarring a jack subdues
Wilson and leaves him for dead in the
burning lab Wilson survives and finds
Vanessa but does not tell her that he is
alive fearing her reaction to his
scarred appearance after talking to his
friend weasel Wilson decides to hunt
down Ajax for the cure for his scarred
skin Wilson becomes a masked vigilante
taking on the name Deadpool and moves in
with a blind elderly woman named Al
Deadpool questions and MERS many of Ajax
men eventually finding Ajax location
Deadpool finds Ajax and demands the Cure
but is stopped by x-men colossus and
negasonic teenage warhead Colossus wants
Deadpool to mend his ways merely to stop
killing so frequently and to join the
x-men Ajax escapes and finds out about
Vanessa
Ajax kidnaps Vanessa and takes her to a
decommissioned Helicarrier Deadpool is
able to convince colossus and negasonic
to help him rescue vanessa colossus and
negasonic battle angel dust in several
soldiers while deadpool fights ajax
deadpool saves Vanessa and Ajax reveals
there is no cure for Deadpool's
condition despite Colossus is pleading
Deadpool kills Ajax but says he'll try
to be more heroic going forward though
most likely he won't do that vanessa is
mad at Deadpool for leaving her and he
reveals his burn face to her but she
does not care and they reconcile their
love as the film concludes so that was
the spoilers for Deadpool if you have
another film you'd like to see me spoil
please let me know in the comments below
check out movie's spoiler alerts on our
various forms of social media and
remember to check out our Instagram
giveaways that we do every month
also remember to Like and subscribe
thanks for watching